Update other_considerations.mdx (#3230)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/4/other_considerations.mdx

## Deployment and sizing considerations

> For production deployments, EDB recommends a minimum of four cores for each Postgres data node and each logical standby. Witness nodes don't participate in the data replication operation and don't have to meet this requirement. Always size logical standbys exactly like the data nodes to avoid performance degradations in case of a node promotion. In production deployments, HARP proxy nodes require a minimum of two cores each. EDB recommends detailed benchmarking based on your performance requirements to determine the correct sizing for your envrionment.  EDB’s Professional Services team is aviallable to assist if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For production deployments, EDB recommends a minimum of four cores for each Postgres data node and each logical standby. Witness nodes don't participate in the data replication operation and don't have to meet this requirement. Always size logical standbys exactly like the data nodes to avoid performance degradations in case of a node promotion. In production deployments, HARP proxy nodes require a minimum of two cores each. EDB recommends detailed benchmarking based on your performance requirements to determine the correct sizing for your environment.  EDB’s Professional Services team is available to assist, if needed.
```
